When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use a remote repository when you are working on a large project which may involve many differnt people working on
differnt parts of the program. This means that everybody will stay up to date and you will be able to see the latest changes which
gets applied.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You will want to pull changes to have full control and to make sure you are pulling the right branch, if you let git do it automatically it
could pull something which youre not working on which could confuse you or cause errors.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

fork is a way to copy a repository from one github account to another. You will generally fork off the creator of that repository. Clone is
a way to download the repository from your gibhub account to a remote level on your computer so you can start making changes to it. A branch
is a new line of commits, you may make a new branch if youre going to create an experiement feature or create a whole branch dedicated to 
including another language.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It would be very beneficial to have the last known state of the respository stored locally because if you make some changes which completly break
everything, it is very easy to checkout the last known state in which its working and compare to see where you may have gone wrong.



How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Collaborating without github would be very hard. It would make sharing files tricky because you would have to spend alot more time explaining changes
which have been made and highlighting them. It would also be much harder to collaborate with multiple people on a single file due to not knowing 
what changes the other people has made and there would be no easy way to merge files together. The process for exchanging files could be easier
due to only having to send a file over, instead of having to learn command line and the github features.


