What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git init creates a new repository, it is generally the first thing you do and is needed
so you can use other commands within the repository. It also creasts the .git subdirectory 
which contains alot of important metadata.



How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is an intermediate area inbetween the working directory and repository. It allows you to add files to
an area in the middle of being commited. This will allow the user to change and edit the files even after they have been 
added. I think its a good idea because it means you wont have to make another commit if you find a small error or someething 
you need to change.



How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use many different commands to check if you have made one logical change per commit in the staging area. Firstly
you can use "git diff" to see the changes you have made so far to the staging area. Then you can use "git diff --staged"
to see what changes you have made from the staging area to the master branch. Finally you use use "git reset <file>" to
remove a file from the staging area and not commit it. If the file is not part of the logical change.



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches will allow users to completely seperate one version of something to another! You could have an english version 
of a game on one branch and a french version on another. It is also great for creating something like an experimental branch.



How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help me see the structure of the git branches and it shows me how they are all connected and how I could
access certain parts of the tree.



What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together is esentially bringing all the changes made in one branch and all the changes in another branch
together to become one complete program. This means that all the added features and functionality that has been created in the
two different branches comes together into one! The diagram is represented like that to show how seperate all the commits are, over
the two branches



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Gits automatic merging could mean that you work quicker but it also means that git could automatically merge something which
dosnt make logical sense and cretes something which is hard to read or broken. Manually mergeing will obviously take abit longer 
but it means that anything merged will get overseen by the creator to make sure that the merge is logical and also ensures that 
it wonder break the whole program.